Landscapes
A component is made out of sections. And a section is made out of quads.
The amount of the landscape tessselates(the amount of extra detail that it works into it's three dimensional space) is dictated by the number of quads which is determined by the numeber of sections.
Components are used for larger sections.
****If none of the component is visible, the section won't be drawn.

Same hot keys as photoshop for sculpting tools.
[ - To decrease the brush size
] - To increase the brush size
Left-Click- To create hills
Hold Shift+Left-Click- To create holes

****Ramp tool- Very very useful
Click/ Select two points in the environment and click Add Ramp. Creates a ramp between those two points.

Erosion tool- Simulates erosion/ what would happen over time to an environment.
Very useful to a get much more natural look to the mountains and hills.

Hydro Erosion tool- Simulates erosion/ what would happen if rain was to fall on the areas. Works in a very similar way to the standard erosion.
Can create far more substantials dips.
Change rain amount to get more effects. Reduced rain amount gives less agressive effect.
---------------
How to copy and paste, how to mirror, how to select regions

Retopologize tool is extremely useful, not used that often.
It works by remapping the UVs such that when painted, it kinda handles the projection in a slightly nicer way. Useful when there are really really strong cliffs.

Mirror tool is very useful. Allows to set the mirror location and axis for the mirrored environment.
Very useful for team-based games. Makes sure that both sides of the landscape are exactly matched.

Selection tool to select the region.
Hold Shift+Select to unselect the selected region.

Copy/Paste tool- CRL+C, drag the region selected with selection tool and drop/ paste is to the desired target area.
Click on the button- Clear the region selection, to clear up the selected region
---------------
Paint selction to set up materials on the scupltured areas. 
Weighted and non-weighted painting

Create material with Landscape layer blend(Grass and Dirt layers)
Set preview weight of Layer Blend to 1 to preview the final material color

When first time anything is added to the component, it rebiulds the material. Especially when combination has not been used before.

When dirt is painted, it removes the grass. So eventually it fades from Grass color to Dirt color and then exclusively dirt color.
-----------------
Non-weighted layer- Can be painted on to each layer, if a way is set up for them to blend. This can be done with height maps.
Eg. Grass layer is painted on the Rock layer, as the grass layer is blended into the rock layer, cracks in the rock can be filled with grass.
That's the real power comes from of an advanced landscape system which can be set up.
-----------------
To create advanced landscapes- Create two material layers first and then the landscapes
It's the crossover between making the layers and making the landscape material.
Create a landscpae with two sub-materials within.
Material fuction is like a material, but there is a big difference.
It is way to create custom material nodes.
-----------------
Create a mask around the material, that is relative to how far is the perspective view from the object.
Height result calculates what a height mask would look like between two materials.
-----------------
How to blend those materials into an advanced landscape.
Fuzzy shading is function built to give a bit more realistic sheen to grass at certain angles.
-----------------
Getting the meshes in and getting an environment up and running that works nicely.
To add tessellation, modify world displacement within the old dirt
It is very costly to do tesselation.
Convert 2D to 3D, far more realistic.
Tessellation multiplier- When close tessellate, when far away, don't tessellate that much.
-----------------
Foliage is automatically added by the landscape.
There are quite different types of foliage within unreal. They all use instance actors. Landscapes can automatically place foliage depending on certain variables, which is very useful.
Grass landscape added.
-----------------
Foliage painting
Just like grass setup, foliage tool objects can load out at a distance as well.
If there is a load set up for the asset, they can have a specific foliage Skylinnks in it. This cuts down a lot of the overhead.
These can be done in a persistent level as well. Certain graphical settings can be set up to remove foliage more abruptly than other machines.
Foliage tool can be used to paint on to different meshes.
It's a reasonably variable tool.





